# Khlock Changes 2026-03-21 17:30
#khlock

## Fixes
- On mobile
  - When displaying a Clock Tile for New Delhi, the badge “Next Day” wraps to two lines. Please identify any other cities where this might happen and identify a fix. 
  - When editing the Hero Clock, the time field gets clipped on the right side so that we can’t see the right-half of the “M” in “AM” or “PM”
  - On iPad, editing the Hero Clock invokes the system time picker directly on top of the editing flow. This happens in landscape mode, but not in portrait mode. Can we fix this so that the system time picker appears below the Hero Clock and is displayed with a pointer (it’s currently missing)
- On desktop
  - The Hero Clock changes the height of the marquee/top portion of the page. The height reverts when the user submits an edit. Can we adjust the height so that it remains consistent in both modes?
  - When the Hero Clock displays a user-entered custom time, it appears to be a few pixels taller than when it is displaying real time Can we correct that?
- On both desktop and mobile
  - Add 10px of left-padding to the Khlock header
  - When the app is displaying a user-entered custom time, we should hide each city’s temperature, as that data becomes effectively incorrect
- New addition: Sidebar menu
  - I’ve designed a new Sidebar menu that appears from the right side of the app and overlays the body. See the designs in this Figma section: https://www.figma.com/design/ykzuXYZ4gnogbNKZeV3Q1H/Khlock-Design?node-id=114-1302&t=WXKtDtMPLRk454rh-11
  - The Sidebar includes designs for creating an account and logging in, but let’s not implement those features right now
  - Note that I’ve moved the button for dark mode/light mode/system appearance to this new Sidebar
  - The sidebar should have an animation that expands from the drawer icon at top left and quickly but elegantly grows to the left and down the screen
  - The sidebar should always be the height of the viewport less padding ~28px on the top and the bottom
  - The position of the drawer button should be consistent between when the Sidebar is hidden and when it’s visible
  - The sidebar contains new functionality: the ability to sort the display of the Clock Tiles from east-to-west
  - The toggle controls in the Sidebar should have a brief, smooth animation between on and off states
    
